good morning guys
don't judge my face right now or my head
or anything okay anyways so right now
Paige is going to fix up some egg
burritos and I kind of want to watch and
you guys are gonna watch too so pages in
a blanket and it's her morning face so
she would like so what what eggs
here's what you're going to need eggs
tortillas butter cheese and salsa and a
pan and whatever that's caught no no and
salt and pepper and that good fire
how many can I dare try this one on the
counter would be easier put your thumbs
in between the cracks nail the alright
they're gonna cook rock but I'm gonna
take the trash out
so yeah hi guys
probably a late start it's not like
super late it's just later than normal
cuz it's our first morning off so kind
of slow to start
[Music]
there's one for cage Haley and Kate age
is amazing look at you she is she's
doing chores she willingly does chores
that's how amazing she is Haley's got
one more math problem and then she's
getting ready to go for the day and
we're about to go to Fanny's rehearsal
should we go shopping instead of the
pool
oh she thought we're gonna say pool
shopping a tiny purse okay let's see
what's in this is that all the things
you want to bring with you every day
with she wants a bag this size with like
a strap I'm lost
[Music]
hey brush thing that was off oh yeah
hey now we're being tiny rubber bands a
big of the male's lip stuff blister
stuff blister balm you need that aloe
gel aloe gel this seems a random like
lip stuff today
speaking of which we're leaving in 10
minutes go brush your teeth and change
clothes hurry
sounds like chapstick and lips okay no
it means mine and blister band-aids for
openers nice I don't know if anybody's
been noticing but we've been driving
around in this chrysler pacifica thank
you chrysler pacifica it's our la car
hey show me the vacuum did you know
there's a vacuum in this do you remember
there's a vacuum it's over there because
it's probably time to vacuum this fancy
thing has a vac few minutes
probably so you hold this I'll go start
the car and let's back it up
we've been loving it
it's got it's at our back better
oh that's so cool
[Music]
oh my god wait
and it makes me very excited so we get a
Nickelodeon Chrysler video so we kind of
know everything that's on this car
showing the TV okay so you open up the
TVs like the serb gams and my like the
coolest one favorite one is are we there
yet because it likes it well there's no
route right now but it says like every
15 minutes or behind you and stuff and
it like you have 15 minutes until you're
at your destination or time remaining
and it's like really cool so you never
have to ask and there's like let's see
the other apps there's bingo
checkers hanging fruit license plate
game flashcards solitaire to do Sudoku
doctor and tic-tac-toe yay so those have
been helpful on all our LA traffic so
we're glad this is our la car Thank You
Chrysler Pacifica for hooking us up
because like I said the vacuum makes me
happy and the TVs make the girls happy
try to I can't like yeah we can charge
our phones so it's it's pretty handy
okay great
[Music]
that's pretty high for you right there
right one okay
did you feel anything different when you
were doing that yeah yeah yeah god bless
it was pretty good it helps set your top
pitches right up to where they should be
so it's good remember that I'm asking to
make it better you okay ready let's do
the descent here okay
[Music]
hey mornin good mornin did you just wake
up you look at nice nice shoes I know
everybody's growing all our boats all
we're gonna help right now they're
growing up little baby sure did you
really feel it or did you cross over
here what's the argument about all right
no we have one kind of stairs okay so
what are you guys arguing about for I
came out she says why are you reading
this and I'm like I'm trying to get used
to bringing a parent as you can see
we're at the mall
I didn't know I'd be wearing this but
that's okay would it was meant to be I
don't know if Annie can afford any of
these purses just open the door perfect
[Music]
it's about the right size it's really
cute but it's not big enough you're cool
bring more clothes next time always
bring a jacket
love muffin it's easy look at this how
cute is this for like God a clutch that
is adorable not for like every day
I'll stop that's cute hey now that's
cute look at this backpack this is Haley
written all over it
oh it says that is really Jenny Lee no
look how cute that's - yeah mark Haley
don't leave the store with it
we should we should should and I know
this is just one store where we
literally just walked in there's a ton
more ton of more 10 10 more stores
there's a lot more stores to go to ok
guys we have to take a little break from
shopping we are visiting supper wrinkle
Oh auntie yours look I should have
gotten that I got that's ok Thank You
hailey you just eat it so we're gonna go
in H&M in forever 21 minute we hit Zara
Annie found a purse hailey auntie Shelly
oh she's eating it's okay we'll do it
well show it in a second it's it's
edible I'm sure what is it kind of
tastes delicious those sprinkles look to
dive bar hailey got marshmallow
chocolate right take up cinnamon
cinnamon no icing and Annie got
something with sprinkles on it delicious
is it good
[Music]
but does Owen like just want some
sprinkles hey so we have an event
tonight
first up is Paige who's staying home and
editing videos second up is I don't know
who's coming out first Haley she's
wearing a sassy skirt overall from sorry
thump this is something
shout out to Zara and her shirt says
take me to the moon with two Dutch
braids wearing a dressy romper from I'm
not to look to see where we got it no
somebody gave it to us you with the
ponytail with your new with the ariana
grande phony your favorite purse was her
new / she bought that's the person you
bought today let me see is this where
this is from
I'm say I'll have to find out Nicole
will tell us editor in crime is getting
ready for a cozy night in some quiet
peace and we're gonna go party it up oh
all right here we and he's about to fall
asleep with blankie okay for a
last-minute event we didn't even know we
were going to this event to like three
hours ago when we happen to be shopping
anyway so Hayley's outfit we got today
not even knowing auntie's we had but we
threw this together got some cute little
hairstyles gonna have some smooth legs
all right I'm gonna over so I don't
worry about parking today so I'm gonna
call that and we're gonna get out of
here
Aiden take the carpet first you got an
easy that was
what do you think your questions gonna
be what's the square root of this is a
slime party so maybe you'll get to ask
me answer something about slime
[Applause]
yeah very
you did it you get hard questions Annie
Annie was over here saying oh she got he
got the easy ones how do you feel about
me
why are you here alright before in the
video she was like aren't say your name
and why are you here I'm in here because
I got invited say Ola Hayley's prepping
to go on she's not me to hold your phone
in your glasses
all right crack your knuckles cracker
crack get ready I mean stretch it out
you know all the answers to the math
questions they're about to ask you okay
two plus two is four perfect you're a
prophet
[Music]
you made it said you acted like I'm Josh
short well if you act wet today it's
like I'm not a super short question
painters did you were you like on top of
your questions that would happen
and she was like Nick my mom's the
coolest
why do we cause they know everything
anything couldn't anything that they
don't know that you have fifty three
hundred sixty-five million nine hundred
and twenty four thousand what you
counted I will I would hope they would
have assumed the night still a brushed
your teeth every day you're more right
there oh they might not have known that
don't you guys know that I don't know
it's pretty tiny I said all right
Haley's up
- I turn it on and are you making fun of
her because she might watch this
Wednesday I'm telling you she's she's
sassy on the carpet take note here
look how cute she is
you're so tall and he's playin he super
tall
[Music]
I think Haley's at the wrong table hey
Levi but like the main table over there
Haley I feel like that might be Karina's
table something about that oh right we
are elbow deep elbow deep in the slime
no Roger is going Annie oh yeah this one
definitely works better yeah this is
good
did I sort it some of this on his shirt
how's yours going Haley what did you do
Haley wanna know your skills what are
your secrets Haley you're next to the
pro over there how do you feel making
slime next to the pro
do the you're the pre-pro there is fine
everywhere
meanwhile Annie's over here doing her
own thing
they the perfect mixture she's like
zoned in and not listening to me just
ignoring me
why concentrating
how's yours going Carson looks like it's
like super yeah you're right it looks
like you just went to like and it's
melted men cheese or something and then
you ate like half of it and this is like
your mother you know how like no yeah
I'm such a genius hers is like
perceptive professional but if you keep
working at it I'm sure it'll go hailey
got it on my shirt Oh Haley got all over
her own shirt but look at his shoes not
a that's what I rock go
[Music]
[Applause]
you want to know why Annie's got that
look on her face we are just discussing
what the question of the day was gonna
be and where we picked Haley's so we
just walked in the door how'd it go
Paige Oh
your makeup looks pretty oh hey you
don't the lip gloss you have on makes it
look like you're wearing makeup okay so
we literally walked in the door and the
girls change out of their it she closed
and we're getting into the bed and the
question of the day is what is your
favorite type of song yes so what's your
favorite my favorite type of sign is
fluffy wash me hands a little beads in
it so it's fluffy
crunching country that's punch
country crunchy what's your favorite
snow have you ever made in snow before
today
before today no no you like that that's
cool all right we've had a long day
Albert Einstein one of those days where
I don't feel like I had much of a video
but it is what it is now well I don't
even remember what we filmed this
morning so I apologize I know he's
filmed something over the mall we went
to the mall today
Oh rehearsals okay we had a full day
sometimes I forget
okay guys tomorrow
there's some rehearsing for some you
know chicken girls and Haley's got to
rehearse and he's got a rehearse they're
learning some choreo stay tuned as Paige
trying to stay off the camera that was
you filming me vlog I do not you do say
do not I saw the same no matter what you
weirdos okay tomorrow stay tuned we film
every day maybe this is your first day
watching and you didn't know yes there's
more of this
Morrow don't look at me I'm sorry I will
make it up to you tomorrow that lip
gloss is pretty and I love it Oh for
real if you if this is your first time
and you you try again guys just try
again look so this Chad just try alright
guys we love you good night see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate thanks for
watching
Brit tailee